README.md, before:

This is a incomplete pytorch implementation, please see tf branch for original implementation and models.

## installation
For environment setting up:
```
pip install -r requirement.txt
cd ./models/arch/dcn
python setup.py develop
cd ./models/arch/carafe
python setup.py develop
```

# Dataset Preparation
For testing data: please arange the test frames as the following format:

-path_to_training_set
    -source
        -vid1
            -vid1_000.png
            -vid1_001.png
            -vid1_002.png
            ...
        -vid2
        ...

## Testing
In the yaml config file:

modify:
DATA.PATH_TO_TEST_SET: "path to your prepared test set"
TEST.CHECKPOINT_FILE_PATH: "path to downloaded checkpoint"
TEST.OUTPUT_DIR: "path to your output dir"

### Citation
If you find this repo helpful in your research, please cite our paper.
```
@article{stpan,
  title={Learning spatial and spatio-temporal pixel aggregations for image and video denoising},
  author={Xu, Xiangyu and Li, Muchen and Sun, Wenxiu and Yang, Ming-Hsuan},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Image Processing},
  year={2020}
}
```

Commit message:

Add PAN & finish data pipeline

README.md, after:

# STPAN: Learning spatial and spatio-temporal pixel aggregations for image and video denoising
This is a official implementation of the paper *Learning spatial and spatio-temporal pixel aggregations for image and video denoising*. 
The pytorch implementation is still under preparation and will be released soon. Please see tf branch for original implementation and models.

## TODOs
- [x] Release SPAN and PAN Models
- [] Release Test and Training Scripts
- [] Release Datasets
- [] Release Video Denoise models
- [] Release Image Denoise models
- [] 

## installation
For environment setting up:
```
pip install -r requirement.txt
```

## Dataset Preparation

<!-- For testing data: please arange the test frames as the following format:

-path_to_training_set
    -source
        -vid1
            -vid1_000.png
            -vid1_001.png
            -vid1_002.png
            ...
        -vid2
        ... -->

## Testing
In the yaml config file:

modify:
DATA.PATH_TO_TEST_SET: "path to your prepared test set"
TEST.CHECKPOINT_FILE_PATH: "path to downloaded checkpoint"
TEST.OUTPUT_DIR: "path to your output dir"

### Citation
If you find this repo helpful in your research, please cite our paper.
```
@article{stpan,
  title={Learning spatial and spatio-temporal pixel aggregations for image and video denoising},
  author={Xu, Xiangyu and Li, Muchen and Sun, Wenxiu and Yang, Ming-Hsuan},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Image Processing},
  year={2020}
}
```
